for just a hundred bucks you will feel
better than you ever had in your life
sibo candida digestive issues very
important to have
this type of shielding i've tested
radiation levels in the clothing
and outside of the clothing as we will
today zero wi-fi in the shirt
absolutely zero my orders are completely
protected the second i take it out
flashing high
[Music]
in the shirt flashing green
take it out no good so i know my organs
my body are my testicles protected too
let's see
you should be protected in your everyday
life and i would go into the freezer or
fridge at work
but just for a little bit to feel better
at the time i didn't realize that
the metal lining the fridge in the
freezer basically created the faraday
cage that
was why my headaches went away when i
went in the freezer and i felt relieved
this is good for when i'm i'm gonna use
the phone to make a phone call
and i also wear this when i'm driving in
the car it is
translucent it is see-through i
personally
wear this when i drive in the car and my
headache goes away
if the phones if the phone's like a foot
away on speaker
you're okay if the phone is a foot away
on speaker
you're okay if you were to measure the
emf levels inside this bandana i
guarantee
they are near zero so what you're able
to effectively do
uh like this is protect your brain
[Music]